Your strength is greater than any struggle
You are fearless
You're getting stronger everyday
You have no idea what your mind is capable of
You can do this
You're not here to give up
You are who you want to be
No one can make you feel inferior
You have discovered you are fierce
You know your worth
You inspire others
You don't fear the fire, you are the fire
You choose what you become
You know you are good enough for any obstacle
You are brave enough to climb any mountain
Challenge quivers at the sight of you
You are beautiful and smart.
You are a leader
You are worthy of genuine love
You are worthy of respect
You are blessed with talents that you love
You deserve your dreams
Unconditional love flows to you
You greet each day with strength
You deserve to feel strong
You've got this
You go 
 you are amazing
I believe in your abilities
You deserve good things in life
Treat yo self
You have an abundance of energy
Today is your day
You are going to bring a change in your life today
You are strong, more than you know it
You are a magnet for ideas
The sunrise will fill you with confidence
Challenges will come your way, but you will overcome them
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming
You will be a better person today, tomorrow, everyday
No matter what, everything is an opportunity to learn and grow
Today is full of possibilities
Success is yours, you just need to envision it
Rejoice in what you have learnt today
You did your best, and that means something
You are too big of a gift to the world to waste your time on self pity and sadness
BREATHE
Inhale the good, exhale the bad
Trust yourself
You're sexy and you know it
Tonight's gonna be a good good night
You might only have one match, but you can make an explosion
What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger
Tonight, we are young
Your momma would be proud of you
Sing along!..You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine.
Kill 'em with the kindness
Sing slong!.. I'm the champion, you're gonna hear me roar
I'll be there for you, when the rain starts to pour.
Yesterday is just a memory, tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be
In the end, it doesn't even matter
You are a unique child to this world
You are matter and what you have to offer this world also matters
Trust your inner wisdom and intuition
Wonderful things will unfold before you
Forgive yourself
Good things come to those who believe it can happen
There's always a silver lining to the cloud
Repeat after me, I refuse to give up because I can do more than this
You're better person than the hardship you've gone thru
You're the boss. You get to make the final calls
Let's set the world on fire, you can go brighter than the sun!
Ultimately, happiness is what that matters
This day shall bring you nothing but joy
Follow your dreams no matter what
Be happy in your own skin
Do what you love, love what you do
It's nice to be important but it's more important to be nice
Giving up is the easier way, delay it for some other day
The past has no power over you any more
All that you need comes to you in the right time, right place in this world
You radiate love and happiness, and it shall come back to you
You have an attitude for grattitude
Do you remember yourself few months ago? Look at you now
There's no problem so big that cannot be solved
Life is tough darling but so are you
Whatever, you're still awesome! 
I got your back! I think I should tell the world, watch the queen conquer
Don't let anyone dull your sparkle
 You can do it! This test is nothing. You're beautiful and smart. You're looking unstoppable now. Kill this test!
 Don't be nervous! You'll do just fine. I know how hard you study. There's nothing to worry about. You got this. Break a leg
It's ok, it's ok! There's nothing to worry about. Don't put yourself down, this test is going to be easy breezy. Take some deep breaths and get ready. You can do it!
 Don't you worry at all. I'm here if you need anything. Slow down and relax. Prepare yourself, but don't stress. You can do it.
Heyo. You only got ten minutes left. Don't be nervous. It's all gonna be okay in the end. You can do this. I'm here with you too! Do some breathing exercises for the next few minutes. Smooth sailing today, ok?
Haha, you'll be fine. Don't stress. This ain't your first test. There won't be any surprises. Besides, you're smart enough to bounce back. Don't stress. You got this.
It's ok, it's ok! There's nothing to worry about. Don't put yourself down, this test is going to be easy breezy. Take some deep breaths and get ready. You can do it!
Don't worry, everything's going to be alright. Take some deep breaths and relax. It might seem hard, but you're not here to give up. I'm right by your side too. Let's go!
 It's going to be real easy don't you worry. You've worked hard and nothing else matters. The climb is almost finished. Good luck and finish strong!
